To the four greatest educators I've been blessed with in my life.

To my Mama (maternal uncle), Laxmi Nand Dhakal the best innovator and problem solver I've ever seen. You are the first person to say nice things about me in my entire family (both, mother and father side). I am sorry to let you down when I dropped out of GBS back in 2006, I was very broken and i didn't have these vocabulary to communicate what was going inside me back then. Your voices are the only voices of appreciation I remember during my early childhood from the most distant memory. Your intellectual support lifts me up like helium. Not just my favourite family member, I have very deep respect for your intellectual dimension. 
To my uncle Chhabi Ram Chapain, for kindling the first spark of creativity and holistic thinking in me. For giving me the most amount of intellectual time during my childhood. For showing me a person can me breative in multiple fronts and it's okay. You have taught me it's okay to be right and be alone too. Thank you.
To my school teacher Kedar Bhattarai sir for not humiliating me for asking questions while i was trying to learn english and for making me like the english language for the first time in my life. The bulley who taught me english before has left only traumas in me, not lesson. Thank you for being my teacher in class 7. Your arrival as my english teacher changed the entire course of my life and has been feeding me till this day. Any confidence I have in me about dealing in English finds it's origin in your those classes when I mindfully trace it back. You're a blessing to Tikapur.
To my professor Dr. Arun Kumar, thank you for accepting into your class and nurturing me as if your life depends on me. What an honor it is to listen to you and you can only impress me with your system designing approach. You deserve a world of recognition for your brilliant articulation, emotional intelligence, technological command and ability to access your listener's level of understanding. I would not have been I, had there been no MSE800 course and you as it's tutor. You have made me love technology and trust into my ability all over again. Thank you for being the biggest inspiration behind my intellectual revival in recent time and it matters the most when it is the time to matter, which is now and every moment from now on. 
Thank you for never imposing any intellectual authority on me.
Thank you for kindling the spark of creativity, critical thinking and problem solving in me. 
Thank you for letting me see your thought process and also the work in progress. 
You four gorgeous minds are the exclusive members of the club towards which my brain will always owe everything.
This book is my tribute to your trust on me.
With love. My ode to the good time you gave to make my life better.
Anup
9/9/2024
Auckland, New Zealand
